I volunteered to be a bet for autumn
He loses and I'm at your disposal
Hey, Mr. Xia
We don't know about Yiqiu's stir-fry yet.
What are the odds?
Why did you just agree? It doesn't matter.
I believe in Yiqiu
Even if only 1% of the guests
I'm going to be his bet too
Trash like you has no right to be humiliated
Hum Xia Yushuang
You're risking your life for this gambler
When he loses
See how I torture you
Shuangjian, hello
Don't say anything
If you really cared about me, you would have won this bet
Earth, you're not even worse than a woman, are you?
Ok I bet you
What's your bet?
simple
You're going to win?
He accompanies you
Husband, why did you take me as a bet?
Start shutting up with this crap
How did it go?
Now he's tuned to microtubules.
Everything will be packed.
I don't like women like you
Change the bet
What do you mean, shut up
Fine. What do you want?
Our factory lost 5 million
Then our bet is 5 million
5 million
You mean he's worth 5 million